notebooks/README.md, before:

# Notebooks

## Overview

This folder contains Jupyter notebooks that can be useful for familiarizing yourself with tools and well-known codes in cosmology.[^1]

- `intro_to_BAO_and_SN.ipynb` is a notebook for getting started with BAO and SN measurements.
- `intro_to_CAMB.ipynb` is a notebook for getting started with [CAMB](https://github.com/cmbant/camb), originally prepared for my lectures on inflationary cosmology at the *[CosmoVerse School @ Corfu](https://cosmoversetensions.eu/event/cosmoverseschoolcorfu/)*. 
- `intro_to_GetDist.ipynb` is a notebook for getting familiar with [GetDist](https://github.com/cmbant/getdist), also from my lectures at the *[CosmoVerse School @ Corfu](https://cosmoversetensions.eu/event/cosmoverseschoolcorfu/)*.
- `intro_to_MCMC.ipynb` is a notebook for exploring MCMC analyses, again from the same set of lectures for the *[CosmoVerse School @ Corfu](https://cosmoversetensions.eu/event/cosmoverseschoolcorfu/)*.   

[^1]: If you notice any typos or issues with the materials shared, please [let me know](mailto:w.giare@sheffield.ac.uk)!

Commit message:

material added to likelihoods, notebooks, plots, statistics and utils

notebooks/README.md, after:

# Notebooks

## Overview

This folder contains Jupyter notebooks that can be useful for familiarizing yourself with tools and well-known codes in cosmology.[^1]

- `intro_to_BAO_and_SN.ipynb` is a notebook for getting started with BAO and SN measurements.
- `intro_to_CAMB.ipynb` is a notebook for getting started with [CAMB](https://github.com/cmbant/camb), originally prepared for my lectures on inflationary cosmology at the *[CosmoVerse School @ Corfu](https://cosmoversetensions.eu/event/cosmoverseschoolcorfu/)*. 
- `intro_to_GetDist.ipynb` is a notebook for getting familiar with [GetDist](https://github.com/cmbant/getdist), also from my lectures at the *[CosmoVerse School @ Corfu](https://cosmoversetensions.eu/event/cosmoverseschoolcorfu/)*.
- `intro_to_MCMC.ipynb` is a notebook for exploring MCMC analyses, again from the same set of lectures for the *[CosmoVerse School @ Corfu](https://cosmoversetensions.eu/event/cosmoverseschoolcorfu/)*.   

To fully run these notebooks, you need to download the folder containing the data from [this link](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1nzajz_1KChoQHbWP0nrLBA7nXCnNmaXw).

[^1]: If you notice any typos or issues with the materials shared, please [let me know](mailto:w.giare@sheffield.ac.uk)!
